So we're going to move on
to exercise four now and
I want you to take a second to write
down your thoughts and everything.
Pause the video so
you can remember the stuff that
you learned cuz this is important.
And now we're gonna move on to exercise
four, you're gonna be on port 4004.
And in this one,
let me get myself over there as well.
Open up the readme, we're gonna
be talking about nested routing.
So, so
far our blog has a list of blog posts.
Those are all seated in
the database by the seed script.
We wanna actually be able
to write blog posts so
we're going to add an admin interface to
our app so that we can modify what's in
the database so we can make changes and
write new blog posts.
So to do that we're going to leverage
a feature of remix called nested routing.
I gave you a pretty good explainer
here in the background so
I'll leave you to that and
then we can talk about it after.
And then yeah, for
the exercise we're adding a couple routes,
post slash admin, a post slash admin slug,
and a post slash admin new.
So those are the routes that
we ultimately want to have.
Well, eventually I don't think we're
actually not adding the slug route yet,
that will come later.
But when you're all finished,
your MPX remix routes should print out
the same thing as what we have here.
So you can take a look at that and
compare.
And again, you'll have to cd into the
directory to run that MPX remix routes.
I give you some JSX because again,
you're not here to learn React.
And yeah, I think we're just gonna
create a couple of files and stuff.
So yeah, have fun with that exercise four.